---
title: "Goodbye, Mom"
classes: wide
header:
  image: /assets/images/web.jpg
  caption: "[**New Language Studio**](https://newlanguagestudio.com)"
excerpt: "Writing to you"
tags:
  - Kay
  - mother
  - mortality
  - voice
  - afterlife
  - speculation
---

I want to tell you about a few things.

There were these fireflies, reflected in the pond, by the edges of the water where grass and mint were drinking an hour after sunset. Frogs. September 25th, two days before you died.

They weren't flying, just floating in the maybe water maybe grass and mint of after twilight, so still that I thought they might have been the reflections of stars, and walked back to make sure. The star-reflections moved, and these didn't, any more than the normal parallax that would be accounted for by pond-distanced objects. Pale yellow-green.

The day before you died, I was writing about how you were still, theoretically a "you" that could be spoken to. Now I can only write to you, and even that feels strange.

"Everything that is born, dies," you said, and I wrote it down. "Life goes on." You wanted to thank people for the messages they sent, to say that you and Rick enjoyed reading them.

Yesterday seemed important, and today seems important, too. This is how mornings will go in a world without you.

You, in the abstract, no longer living reader, are a reality-processing engine, just as you were in life. Only now, you are more distributed, theoretical.

When you were still alert, you listened to a lot of audio books. You would say you were "reading" them, and I understood what you meant. It's the same part of the brain. The part of your brain you went to when we couldn't talk to you anymore, or when we weren't sure you could hear us.

I think it's always good to assume someone can hear you, even when they aren't alive. That's why I'm writing to you, to remember that.

Gradually, the places you could walk to, then be taken to in the wheel chair got smaller, contracting to a single room, a bed. The things you could eat or drink also shrank to just water, or bits of fruit.

I can't imagine what that must have been like, when you realized that your speech was going, that what you were writing in your mind wouldn't be read by anyone but you. I hope it was a good book.

We went to the arboretum, and took pictures of butterflies. The hour before it closed, sunlight slanting through everything. A little boy ran up to Naomi and asked if something he had found was hers. Take photos of the beautiful things, so you will remember them, he said.

I called one of my friends, emailed another. To help me process reality by hearing me say that you were gone. I need to put this online. You were a programmer, so to not disappoint you I should at least push this to github as a markdown file, without using any external site builder or hosting service.

I played you music, at least. Mandolin, loud enough for you to hear, and sang some songs I thought that you might like. 

There's never enough time. I should record an audio book for you, I thought, or just read out loud a work in progress. So many things I meant to write, or meant to say. Now a friend is coming to pick me up to go to St. Louis.

I don't want to write this, to say goodbye. I love you, and will try to write and say to other people what I would have said to you. I'll miss you, having you here to talk to. Peace.