docs/_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
excerpt: "Minimal Mistakes is a flexible two-column Jekyll theme."
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-10-28T14:51:23-04:00
toc: true
---

Minimal Mistakes is a flexible two-column Jekyll theme. Perfect for hosting your personal site, blog, or portfolio on GitHub or self-hosting on your own server. As the name implies --- styling is purposely minimalistic to be enhanced and customized by you :smile:.

{% include gallery id="layouts_gallery" caption="Examples of included layouts `splash`, `single`, and `archive`." %}

[Install the Theme]({{ "/docs/quick-start-guide/" | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn--success .btn--large}

## Notable Features

- Bundled as a "theme gem" for easier install/upgrading.
- Compatible with GitHub Pages.
- Support for Jekyll's built-in Sass/SCSS preprocessor.
- Nine different skins (color variations).
- Several responsive layout options (single, archive index, search, splash, and paginated home page).
- Optimized for search engines with support for [Twitter Cards](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview) and [Open Graph](http://ogp.me/) data
- Optional [header images](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/layouts/#headers), [custom sidebars](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/layouts/#sidebars), [table of contents](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#table-of-contents), [galleries](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#gallery), related posts, [breadcrumb links](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/configuration/#breadcrumb-navigation-beta), [navigation lists](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#navigation-list), and more.
- Commenting support (powered by [Disqus](https://disqus.com/), [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments), [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org/), [utterances](https://utteranc.es/), static-based via [Staticman v1 and v2](https://staticman.net/), and custom).
- [Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/) support.
- UI localized text in English (default), Brazilian Portuguese (Português brasileiro), Catalan, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French (Français), German (Deutsch), Greek, Hindi (हिंदी), Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish (Gaeilge), Italian (Italiano), Japanese, Korean, Malayalam, Myanmar (Burmese), Nepali (Nepalese), Norwegian (Norsk), Persian (فارسی), Polish, Punjabi (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish (Español), Swedish, Thai, Turkish (Türkçe), and Vietnamese.

## Demo Pages

| Name                                        | Description                                           |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [Post with Header Image][header-image-post] | A post with a large header image. |
| [HTML Tags and Formatting Post][html-tags-post] | A variety of common markup showing how the theme styles them. |
| [Syntax Highlighting Post][syntax-post] | Post displaying highlighted code. |
| [Post with a Gallery][gallery-post] | A post showing several images wrapped in `<figure>` elements. |
| [Sample Collection Page][sample-collection] | Single page from a collection. |
| [Categories Archive][categories-archive] | Posts grouped by category. |
| [Tags Archive][tags-archive] | Posts grouped by tag. |

For even more demo pages check the [posts archive][year-archive].

[header-image-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2012-03-15-layout-header-image-text-readability %}
[gallery-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2010-09-09-post-gallery %}
[html-tags-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2013-01-11-markup-html-tags-and-formatting %}
[syntax-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2013-08-16-markup-syntax-highlighting %}
[sample-collection]: {{ "/recipes/chocolate-chip-cookies/" | relative_url }}
[categories-archive]: {{ "/categories/" | relative_url }}
[tags-archive]: {{ "/tags/" | relative_url }}
[year-archive]: {{ "/year-archive/" | relative_url }}

---

## Credits

### Icons + Demo Images:

- [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com) -- Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and [tracy tam](https://thenounproject.com/tracytam)
- [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

### Other:

- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- [Susy](http://susy.oddbird.net/)
- [Breakpoint](http://breakpoint-sass.com/)
- [Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)
- [FitVids.JS](http://fitvidsjs.com/)
- Greedy Navigation - [lukejacksonn](https://codepen.io/lukejacksonn/pen/PwmwWV)
- [jQuery Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-smooth-scroll)
- [Lunr](http://lunrjs.com)

---

Minimal Mistakes is designed, developed, and maintained by Michael Rose. Just another boring, tattooed, designer from Buffalo New York.

Commit message:

changing navigation and trying to add an about page

docs/_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
excerpt: "Continuity Drift is a memetic garden"
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-10-28T14:51:23-04:00
toc: true
---
Eventually this page will actually be about the site.

{% include gallery id="layouts_gallery" caption="Examples of included layouts `splash`, `single`, and `archive`." %}

[Install the Theme]({{ "/docs/quick-start-guide/" | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn--success .btn--large}

## Notable Features

- Bundled as a "theme gem" for easier install/upgrading.
- Compatible with GitHub Pages.
- Support for Jekyll's built-in Sass/SCSS preprocessor.
- Nine different skins (color variations).
- Several responsive layout options (single, archive index, search, splash, and paginated home page).
- Optimized for search engines with support for [Twitter Cards](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview) and [Open Graph](http://ogp.me/) data
- Optional [header images](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/layouts/#headers), [custom sidebars](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/layouts/#sidebars), [table of contents](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#table-of-contents), [galleries](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#gallery), related posts, [breadcrumb links](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/configuration/#breadcrumb-navigation-beta), [navigation lists](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/helpers/#navigation-list), and more.
- Commenting support (powered by [Disqus](https://disqus.com/), [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments), [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org/), [utterances](https://utteranc.es/), static-based via [Staticman v1 and v2](https://staticman.net/), and custom).
- [Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/) support.
- UI localized text in English (default), Brazilian Portuguese (Português brasileiro), Catalan, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French (Français), German (Deutsch), Greek, Hindi (हिंदी), Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish (Gaeilge), Italian (Italiano), Japanese, Korean, Malayalam, Myanmar (Burmese), Nepali (Nepalese), Norwegian (Norsk), Persian (فارسی), Polish, Punjabi (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish (Español), Swedish, Thai, Turkish (Türkçe), and Vietnamese.

## Demo Pages

| Name                                        | Description                                           |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [Post with Header Image][header-image-post] | A post with a large header image. |
| [HTML Tags and Formatting Post][html-tags-post] | A variety of common markup showing how the theme styles them. |
| [Syntax Highlighting Post][syntax-post] | Post displaying highlighted code. |
| [Post with a Gallery][gallery-post] | A post showing several images wrapped in `<figure>` elements. |
| [Sample Collection Page][sample-collection] | Single page from a collection. |
| [Categories Archive][categories-archive] | Posts grouped by category. |
| [Tags Archive][tags-archive] | Posts grouped by tag. |

For even more demo pages check the [posts archive][year-archive].

[header-image-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2012-03-15-layout-header-image-text-readability %}
[gallery-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2010-09-09-post-gallery %}
[html-tags-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2013-01-11-markup-html-tags-and-formatting %}
[syntax-post]: {{ "" | relative_url }}{% post_url 2013-08-16-markup-syntax-highlighting %}
[sample-collection]: {{ "/recipes/chocolate-chip-cookies/" | relative_url }}
[categories-archive]: {{ "/categories/" | relative_url }}
[tags-archive]: {{ "/tags/" | relative_url }}
[year-archive]: {{ "/year-archive/" | relative_url }}

---

## Credits

### Icons + Demo Images:

- [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com) -- Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and [tracy tam](https://thenounproject.com/tracytam)
- [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

### Other:

- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- [Susy](http://susy.oddbird.net/)
- [Breakpoint](http://breakpoint-sass.com/)
- [Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)
- [FitVids.JS](http://fitvidsjs.com/)
- Greedy Navigation - [lukejacksonn](https://codepen.io/lukejacksonn/pen/PwmwWV)
- [jQuery Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-smooth-scroll)
- [Lunr](http://lunrjs.com)

---

Minimal Mistakes is designed, developed, and maintained by Michael Rose. Just another boring, tattooed, designer from Buffalo New York.
